v1.6.4

Better support Windows OS by sniffing out the best place to store the mudiiclient config. Preferring %HOME%\Documents\.mudiiclient.config.xml.

v1.6.3

Support MUD2_HOST as an environment variable to allow using the client for mud2.com.
Use the correct telnet port for mud2.com (it's now 27723).
Bug fix: login dialog does not require an accountId or password to login as mudguest.

v1.6.2

Switched from mediocre Java font to Courier in bold (when available).
Applied anti-aliasing to the status bar text too.
Made the default dark-blue text colour easier to read on a black background.
Corrected enabling/disabling of login fields when mudguest is selected.

v1.6.1

Critical stamina and magic are now emphasized in the status bar.
Added autoplay on login.
Added configuration to turn off autoplay on login.
Added mouse wheel scrolling (which works for Mac track pad scrolling also).
Added configuration support for inverting the mouse wheel scroll direction.
Clicking now selects the word (or web site link) and copies it to the clipboard.
Right aligned the reset time in the status bar.

v1.6.0

Added support for wizzes to login.
Removed a lot of cruft from the login screen.

v1.5.0

Added triggers. Receiving trigger text will now automatically send a specified command. To use this manually edit the config.txt file. See forum post.
Added the version of the app that recorded the log file to the HTML log file. This will make it easier to manage changes in the format over time.

v1.4.1

Fixed corner cases to triggers and sensing mausoleum puzzles. It's now very robust.
Improved usability of opening mausoleum tombs. You can now hit enter instead of needing to hit a space. E.g. "op n"<enter> instead of "op n"<space><enter>.

v1.4.0

Log files are now substantially smaller because the HTML style-sheets are now online.
Added score and stamina charts for browsing log files.

v1.3.0

Added triggers to set macros for expansion as well as harvesting mausoleum answers from play (e.g. "op se" expands to "op 'answer")
Added anti-aliased fonts and system true type font support. No more ugly letters!
Cleaned up the login code. Now /F will be sent in all cases.
Removed Java WebStart support. This means a less intuitive installation. :( Code signing certificates are fiddly to obtain and require yearly admin and funds to refresh.

v1.2.4

Fix for occassional failure to correctly resize the scroll bar when you first enter the Land.
Fixed tiny scrollback size limit introduced in v1.2.3. 

v1.2.3

No longer scrape stats from snooped text. This was causing confusion when someone you were snooping in a fight. Their stamina would overwrite yours on the status bar.
Found and fixed a bug in selecting & copying text.
Fixed the scroll bar position when you press ESC to get out of scroll-back mode.
Cleaned up some code that was long overdue an overhaul. Should have fixed the bizarre text miscolouring problem that cropped up once in a blue moon.
Attempted a fix for grey not showing up. Needs testing (cue the wizzes).

v1.2.2

Status bar will now compact down to a smaller size if the window is small
Installers create shortcuts called "mudiiclient" not "mudiiclient-setup".
Automated generating and uploading the installer.

v1.2.1

fixed bug introduced in v1.2.0: /F was no longer being sent, so word wrap was broken

v1.2.0

Guest login feature added.
Disabled "Quick Keys" and recording commands to history.txt
Updated "How to Use MUDIIClient" document
Login process now clutters the display less (no Rest or Examine commands are sent)
